you know you need help you know you need
to delegate tasks but you're terrified
to share your passwords the thought of
losing all of your hard-earned followers
being hacked maybe you've heard horror
stories or you just fear that some of
your sensitive most private and even
financial information could be at risk I
get it and your concerns are valid
especially if you're someone who's spent
considerable time growing an online
digital business your online assets your
digital assets are as valuable and
sometimes more valuable than the money
we have in our bank accounts but today
I've got really good news for you I'm
going to share with you a system a
method that you need to follow that is
going to better ensure that your digital
assets are protected because let's face
it you've got to have help there's no
way you're going to accomplish all the
things that you want to your dream is
contained by the size of your team and
if you can't trust your team to use your
passwords well then that's going to
limit the size of your dream so today
I'm going to show you how you can safely
share your passwords with your staff
Consultants or virtual
assistants
I want to start by saying that there's
no way to 100% ensure ourselves of
complete protection and and this is true
whether you're sharing your passwords
with a family member or a staff member
or a consultant like people are just
people and Technologies are always
changing having said that just like
anything else there are ways that you
can best ensure that your information
your assets are well protected and you
have to you really have no choice if you
aren't willing to share your passwords
after I show you how to do this you've
got to question if in fact you're just
like afraid of growth because your
business can't grow if you aren't having
people help you you're going to need to
share your passwords if at any point and
I hope you are you're going to run
Facebook ads or Instagram ads if you
want help in growing your business
either you have to do it all or you have
to enlist the help of others and if
you're going to list the help of others
we have to make sure that all of your
assets are protected and I have learned
this the hard way so in 2015 you might
you know what I'm going to do I'm going
to link to an episode where I talked
about getting hacked I'm also going to
link to an episode that I think is
really important for anyone and everyone
to listen to if you're like uh I could
probably be a little bit better about my
online security like if that's you I
don't mean to jinx you if you're going
to get hacked you it's when so I'm going
to list two episodes number one the one
where I share what happened to us when
we got hacked and it cost us hundreds of
thousands of dollars it was so scary it
got so gnarly like I I can't even relive
it but it's a pretty freaking
fascinating story so I think you're
going to love listening to that one but
better yet most importantly not for
entertainment purposes but for
protection purposes I want you to listen
to another episode that I'll list below
this in our show description that will
walk you through like all the things you
need to do so that you don't get hacked
so that you don't have one of these
things happen and then lastly I'm going
to link to an episode that we've done if
for some reason you're watching this
because you've already been hacked and
what to do in that event cuz it's it's
so scary and it's it's not easy and
people to this day continue to reach out
to me saying like can you help me we've
just been hacked and like there's very
little I I can't do anything for you but
I can tell you what you need to do and
that's in that third episode that I
promised you I would like but today
we're talking about what do you do if
you well you know you need to share your
passwords you know that you have to give
other people access to some of your
accounts how do you do that how do you
do so in such a way that your assets are
protected step one is you must download
a password manager but it goes beyond
that once you are a business once you're
an entrepreneur once you start working
with other people you have to have
certain policies and procedures in place
standards it's like anything else in
life if if it's important to you you
need to make sure that the people who
you're working with and the people who
you're surrounded by that it they follow
the same policies and procedures so
absolutely every consultant that we work
with and every you know staff member
anyone who's going to be working with us
on a regular basis they have to use a
password manager and they have to use
the one that we use which is one
password and you know I think there's
quite a few other password managers that
are equally as good as I mean I'm kind
of biased around one password it's the
one we've been using the longest it's
one that's had the least breaches but
they will give you complete peace of
mind there is no better way to protect
all of your assets and using a password
manager and making sure that everybody
follows the same policies and procedures
when it comes to how they share that
information once you have a password
manager and I'm going to use one
password as the example but please know
we teach our students how to do this in
the marketing impact academy and of all
the other companies that well there's
like four or five that are pretty
reputable this the process is virtually
the same so what I'm sharing with you
will work whether you're using one
password Dashlane other password
managers and by the way these are both
apps and you can also find them online
like so you can go to the website or you
can download the app last pass one
password and dash line those are the
three biggest now I'm going to list a
couple of others for you in our show
description um but personally I think
you want to go with one of these big
three they've been around the longest
and therefore they are the most
reputable and least likely to have a
data breach if you are not entrepreneur
and you've got a team or Consultants
that you work with get the paid version
I think there are also free versions of
most of these things too but get the
paid version you are always going to get
like you want top-of-the line when it
comes to protecting your digital Assets
Now depending on the brand that you
decide to go with they may call it
something different but on one password
it's called a vault so once I've opened
up my own one password account then I
can open up a separate Vault and within
my vaults these are professional vaults
that I can set up I can set up a vault
that's just for people who are on my
social media team I can set up a VA this
just for my personal assistance and my
husband I can set up an account that is
just temporary for a a consultant that
we might be working with on a project
where maybe this consultant needs access
to my Facebook my Instagram and my Tik
Tok so I can give them access in that
Vault and just those items so what's
really nice about using a password
manager is you you these things are
available to them at any time once you
give them access to the Vault does that
make sense so it's like they have the
keys but they can only see the things
that you've placed in their specific
Vault password managers will often tell
you if you have accounts once you've
entered them all they will tell you
which accounts have weak passwords let
the password manager generate for you a
an encrypted password so these are
passwords that are very difficult for
anyone to figure out they afford you far
more prot protection and these are the
kind of passwords that you you won't be
able to remember and neither will anyone
else and that's why you always want to
use a password manager most of these
apps also have an authentication app
within the app so which is really nice
because then you don't have to use
two-factor authentication and let me
explain why that's super beneficial if
you have a team so I have two Factor
authentications set up on all of my
accounts and they all go to my phone
that means if one of my vas is logging
into my Instagram and she lives in the
Philippines and she's working at you
know 1:00 a.m. my time and she logs in
she needs that code sent to her from me
that was just sent to my phone because I
have two-factor authentication on it but
if you're using an authentication app
within one password which is all
encrypted now if I've given her access
to that Vault she now has access at 1:00
a.m. if she needs to to that
authentication number which expires
after a certain number of seconds even
once you learn this whole process
there's still going to be some of you
who are just really nervous to trust
people and that's a mindset that's a
mindset that's going to hold you back if
you are bringing people on your team who
you don't really know who they are and
you're giving them access to really
important information that's a mistake I
think you have to vet your candidates
very carefully and while there are some
situations and circumstances where you
have to give somebody a password uh
without having a lot of history with
them that's the risk we have to take as
entrepreneurs I mean that's you know
part of doing business is being able to
assess risk and realize like okay if I
don't do this then I don't have Facebook
ads or if I don't do this then I have to
do all the work myself and can I really
afford to do that it's a matter of trust
and it's also a matter of recognizing
that the the biggest entrepreneurs that
you can think of they're doing this and
it's not just because they're you know
texting people um their passwords that's
not how they're doing it they're all
using password managers and you can too
it's just a process there's a little bit
of a learning curve for both you and the
people that you work with it's probably
a little bit more for you because you're
going to make sure that everyone's
following the same policies and
procedures it's also a little bit more
work for you the entrepreneur because
you need to enter every single account
that you have into your password manager
there's no more trying to remember
passwords that is ridiculous there's no
more trying to make up passwords that is
ridiculous they should all be encrypted
they should all be made up by the
password manager and then you just get
everybody on the team to follow the same
procedures once you have your password
manager set up and you have the separate
vaults even if you don't use vaults once
you have everything set up and you need
to share let's say the password to your
Instagram you'll just go into that
specific login you'll on your password
manager you'll Click Share and that will
send an encrypted message to the person
who you're sending it to now they won't
get the password what they're going to
get is a link that allows them to log
into your password manager what I really
love about the vaults and seeing each
and every person's name and email
address who I've invited to a specific a
vault is it allows me to also go back
whenever I want to and revoke privileges
I can change the passwords from within I
can remove their privileges so in many
ways it gives you all the power and
control I do believe however it's really
important that when you have turnover or
let's just say there's someone who
they're no longer working in your
Instagram account or Facebook or
whatever account it is your GoDaddy if
that person is no longer doing that work
you want to remove them from that Vault
and change the password just to be safe
now we've never had a problem with it
but I I think it's just really important
to do that because if somebody has
access to that person's phone you you
just never know so better safe than
sorry practice good password management
not just with your password manager but
with your own personal practices that's
a lot of peas again using a password
manager does have a little bit of a
learning curve but all of these
companies have made tons and tons and
tons of tutorials that make it really
simple for you to understand how to set
these up how to set it up if you have a
team how to share passwords that are
encrypted anything even to understand
because a lot of people are like wait a
second so if all of my passwords are in
one manager app it doesn't that like
really put me at risk and without me
going all into the details and specifics
of it no it does not it's the safest
alternative you have next to writing
down your passwords on a sticky note and
putting it on the front of your laptop
that's what my dad did I'm like we're in
the airport I looked across at him I'm
like Dad are those your passwords and
he's like yes I'm
like help help are you tech support for
your parents too it's hysterical my
dad's like can you tell me why my
computer's running so slow he had never
closed one window you know how like you
open up a tab he had like 700 tab he
thought that every time you went on the
internet you had to open up a new window
and never closed a tab I digress by the
way in case I haven't already please
just take a moment like a split second
to double check and make sure you're
subscribed to this Channel all right be
sure to like the video drop us a comment
if you want to see My Lifestyle Channel
where I talk about health and fitness
and goal setting and you know having a a
a growth mindset a money mindset you can
check out the shelene show which we will
place in the show description as well
I'm here on YouTube as well as whatever
podcasting app you like to listen to the
audio form of whichever show you're
watching wherever you're listening I
just want to say thank you because I
really do appreciate you you can figure
this out I know that you are much more
technologically advanced than you think
you are and person who I love if you're
trying to figure out which password
manager you want to like if one's better
than another go watch um Steve doto it's
his channel is called doto Tech and I
will link to him below but he does a
great job of reviewing the different um
password managers again I'm very partial
to one password our whole team uses it
the last thing I wanted to mention to
you is if you do have a virtual
assistant or somebody in that's working
in a virtual capacity whether it's in
the United States or overseas if they're
not in your city and Instagram or
Facebook or Tik Tok detects that there's
login activities maybe at the same time
like you're in LA and this person's in
the Philippines the Instagram and Tik
Tok for your protection will know will
sense and pick up on the fact that
there's activity in different countries
or in different areas of the country at
the same time and in many instances I've
had students who have their accounts
Frozen for 14 days even 30 days or your
account closed due to suspicious
activity so as an extra added precaution
and also because I think in some
instances it does hurt the algorithm we
have all of our vas log in using a VPN
virtual private Network and then we have
them select the city which you can do
with a VPN so that it's using a a uh an
IP address from the same city that I'm
in that way Instagram is not seeing
suspicious activity and it's just one
additional step most V vpns are very
very low cost that's something that we
pay for for our our team so that if I am
asking them to use a VPN then um and
some of them just already have them
anyways but that's something that you
should probably pay for as the
entrepreneur as the business owner
because it it's for your own protection
listen I know it's scary but I also know
you have no other alternative because
you need help you need to grow and that
does require trusting the help of others
just make sure you have the right
policies in place hey it's my goal to be
brief to be bright to make it fun even
though it's cyber security I hope I made
it fun and now we're done oh and don't
forget to check those links below that I
mentioned that are going to keep you out
of trouble because you do not want to
get hacked you do not want that to
happen it's horrible all right I'll see
you
[Music]
soon